01/17/2020
For this week, we decided on the dataset for this project, which is the Speed Dating Experiment dataset on Kaggle 
(https://www.kaggle.com/annavictoria/speed-dating-experiment). The dataset consists of experiment data gathered by 
Columbia Business School. In the experiment, participants met with other opposite-sex participants for several 
four-minute periods and then decided whether they would like to see their date again. The rating on attractiveness, 
sincerity, intelligence, fun, ambition and shared interests were recorded after each date. The dataset also includes 
demographic data about each participant. The study is beneficial to the growing dating app industry. We can get a 
better understanding of identifying the influential factors of dating, and potentially help dating apps grow their
matching rate (Yes, love at the first sight is quantifiable).  

We discussed about the overall project schedule as below:
Week 3-4 - EDA (Biweekly report 1/31)
Week 5-6 - Feature Engineering  (Biweekly report 2/14)
Week 7-8 - Model Fitting & Validation (Biweekly report 2/28)
Week 9-10 - Report Drafting (Final submission 3/13)

We also thought about the sections of our final report and drafted the introduction.
Introduction to dataset/objective
In today’s busy world, more and more people are turning into speed dating as their ways of looking for a romantic 
partner. For this project, our objective is to use machine learning models to explore xxx… /answer the question xxxx

The primary dataset (https://www.kaggle.com/annavictoria/speed-dating-experiment)  for this project was gathered 
from participants in experimental speed dating events from 2002-2004. During the events, the attendees would have 
a four minute "first date" with every other participant of the opposite sex. At the end of their four minutes, 
participants were asked if they would like to see their date again. They were also asked to rate their date on six 
attributes: Attractiveness, Sincerity, Intelligence, Fun, Ambition, and Shared Interests.

The dataset also includes questionnaire data gathered from participants at different points in the process. These 
fields include: demographics, dating habits, self-perception across key attributes, beliefs on what others find 
valuable in a mate, and lifestyle information.

